You know what the number one rule of
data visualization is? Make it obvious.
Make it clear. So this graph is supposed
to show you which search and AI tools
are popular with logistics people in the
United States. And technically it does
like if you know how to read it, but but
it is not obvious. So let me show you
what we have tried to do in the new
version of the graphs. We have now done
usage and delta between usage of your
audience in this case logistics people
and the US average. Here's the new
graph. So it shows you pe logistics
professionals use chatbt 1% more than
the average American. They use Yahoo 18%
more than the average American and
Google 1.7% less. Now they still use
Google a whole lot more than any of
these other search and AI tools which is
why it's in the top position and the
blue bar is the highest. But I think I
hope that this makes it really clear.
It's also, by the way, on the social
network. So, old social network, new new
social network.
I hope this is going to help. If you
have feedback for us, just drop it in
the comments. Casey and I would be happy
to